README.md, before:

# Fightin Aggies Platform

Developing a analytical panel to generate insights that help facilitate the post-game analysis done by the coaches and players of Fightin Texas Aggies Football team.

### Deployment - [Heroku](https://fightin-aggies.herokuapp.com/)

### Dependencies
- Ruby~3.1.2
  - For Windows
  ```bash
  winget install RubyInstallerTeam.Ruby
  ```
  - For Ubuntu
  ```bash
  sudo apt-get install ruby-full // for Ubuntu
  ```
  - For MacOS using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
  ```bash
    brew install ruby // for MacOS
  ```
- Rails~7.0.4
 ```bash
 gem install rails
 ```
- yarn~1.22.19
- ffmpeg
  - For Windows,
    - Go to the [link](https://www.gyan.dev/ffmpeg/builds/ffmpeg-git-full.7z).
    - Extract the file to where you want it to be and rename it as ffmpeg.
    - Run the Command Prompt as admin and write 
    ```bash
    setx /m PATH "path\to\ffmpeg\bin;%PATH%"
    ```
  - For Ubuntu,
  ```bash
  sudo apt install ffmpeg
  ```
- Cucumber
  - For Ubuntu,
  ```bash
  sudo apt install cucumber
  ```
- ChromeDriver
  - For Ubuntu,
  ```bash
  sudo wget sudo wget https://chromedriver.storage.googleapis.com/106.0.5249.61/chromedriver_linux64.zip
  sudo unzip chromedriver_linux64.zip
  sudo mv chromedriver /usr/bin/chromedriver
  ```
- Chrome
  - For Ubuntu,
  ```bash
  wget https://dl.google.com/linux/direct/google-chrome-stable_current_amd64.deb
  sudo apt install ./google-chrome-stable_current_amd64.deb
  ```
- Selenium WebDriver
  - For Ubuntu, if the version of your Selenium WebDriver is higher than 3.142.7. Uninstall it, and install the older version with
  ```bash
  gem install selenium-webdriver -v 3.142.7
  ```

### Installation and Running Instructions
```bash
git clone https://github.com/jessefphipps/fighting-aggies-platform.git
cd fighting-aggies-platform
bundle install
yarn install
/bin/dev
```
### Testing Instructions
```bash
cd fighting-aggies-platform
cucumber
```

Commit message:

add Minitest info and implementation

README.md, after:

# Fightin Aggies Platform

Developing a analytical panel to generate insights that help facilitate the post-game analysis done by the coaches and players of Fightin Texas Aggies Football team.

### Deployment - [Heroku](https://fightin-aggies.herokuapp.com/)

### Dependencies
- Ruby~3.1.2
  - For Windows
  ```bash
  winget install RubyInstallerTeam.Ruby
  ```
  - For Ubuntu
  ```bash
  sudo apt-get install ruby-full // for Ubuntu
  ```
  - For MacOS using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
  ```bash
    brew install ruby // for MacOS
  ```
- Rails~7.0.4
 ```bash
 gem install rails
 ```
- yarn~1.22.19
- ffmpeg
  - For Windows,
    - Go to the [link](https://www.gyan.dev/ffmpeg/builds/ffmpeg-git-full.7z).
    - Extract the file to where you want it to be and rename it as ffmpeg.
    - Run the Command Prompt as admin and write 
    ```bash
    setx /m PATH "path\to\ffmpeg\bin;%PATH%"
    ```
  - For Ubuntu,
  ```bash
  sudo apt install ffmpeg
  ```
- Cucumber
  - For Ubuntu,
  ```bash
  sudo apt install cucumber
  ```
- Minitests
  - Minitest is a testing tool present in the Ruby environment, and its gem can be included in the Gemfile (already done).
- ChromeDriver
  - For Ubuntu,
  ```bash
  sudo wget sudo wget https://chromedriver.storage.googleapis.com/106.0.5249.61/chromedriver_linux64.zip
  sudo unzip chromedriver_linux64.zip
  sudo mv chromedriver /usr/bin/chromedriver
  ```
- Chrome
  - For Ubuntu,
  ```bash
  wget https://dl.google.com/linux/direct/google-chrome-stable_current_amd64.deb
  sudo apt install ./google-chrome-stable_current_amd64.deb
  ```
- Selenium WebDriver
  - For Ubuntu, if the version of your Selenium WebDriver is higher than 3.142.7. Uninstall it, and install the older version with
  ```bash
  gem install selenium-webdriver -v 3.142.7
  ```

### Installation and Running Instructions
```bash
git clone https://github.com/jessefphipps/fighting-aggies-platform.git
cd fighting-aggies-platform
bundle install
yarn install
/bin/dev
```
### Testing Instructions
Run the server in your local machine and use a new terminal to run the tests using the commands given below,
```bash
cucumber
rake test
```
